[3509][ADD] mail_message_restrict (#246)
qrtl/mi7-custom: mail_message_restrict/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module limits the creation of non-internal messages in the chatter to certain "allowed" models.
This means that, upon installation of the module, users will get an error message when they try to create

> a message in the chatter, unless otherwise configured.

Reviewer: To make it more understandable...
```suggestion
a message in the chatter, unless the model of the chatter is part of the "allowed" models.
```
